Short Answer

1. What is a real-life scenario that uses linear search?

  A real life example would be, searching though an unsorted inventory list.


2. What is a real-life scenario that uses binary search?

  A real life example would be searching through the phone book for a particular name.


3. Given the alphabetically sorted collection in this checkpoint, how many 
iterations would it take to find the value G using linear search?

  It would take 7 iterations.


4. Given the alphabetically sorted collection in this checkpoint, how many 
iterations would it take to find the value G using binary search?

  It would take 3 iterations.


5. Given an unsorted collection of a million items, which algorithm would 
you choose between linear search and binary search? Explain your reasoning.

  I would use the linear search only because the binary search wont work on 
  unsorted lists.


6. Given a sorted collection of a million items, which algorithm would you 
choose between linear search and binary search? Explain your reasoning.

  I would use the binary search because its time complexity is more efficient than 
  that of the linear search, especially for large lists.


Programming Assignment:
You and a friend have set a wager to see who can find the word "Albatross" in the dictionary 
the fastest. Write a program to allow you to win the bet.
  
  FUNCTION searchDictionary(dictionary, searchWord)

    SET low to dictionary[0]
    SET high to dictionary[dictionary.length-1]

    WHILE (low <= high)
      SET mid to (low + high) / 2
      IF dictionary[mid] > searchWord THEN
        SET high to mid - 1
      ELSE IF dictionary[mid] < searchWord
        SET low to mid + 1
      ELSE
        RETURN mid
      END IF
    END WHILE

  END FUNCTION

You work at a pet store, and a child has asked you to net the only white-spotted goldfish from 
the fish tank. Write a program that will help you net the right fish.

FUNCTION netFish(fishType)
  WHILE(fish !== fishType)
    NET fish;
  END WHILE
  RETURN fish;
END FUNCTION